We live in a world. Now I've often in my own work,
I hear about this concept of work life balance or overtraining.
So you've been one of the hardest workers ever on the mat.
You've coached some of the hardest workers ever.
Do you think it's possible to overtrain train too much?
How big of a concern is it? I think.
Peeking and burnout are frames of mind or burnout is a,
is a,
like you let things probably get to the point where you could have arrested them
with a good frame of mind. Um, but peeking is a frame of mind and, you know,
you have to know, be able to read and that's a lot of it.
And the individual athlete also has to know that it's a frame of mind.
And so when you have a coach,
that's reading that the right way and you have an athlete that is
knowing that it, when zero hour comes, you're gonna be ready to go. Um,
and knowing that there's light at the end of the tunnel,
if you feel like you're burning, that can at both ends,
light's coming at to the end at, at the end of the tunnel. I mean,
you're good to go.
So you think about Gable and that whole dream of being carried
off the mat, because you worked so hard and again,
do you think it's possible to overtrain? So you said it's, uh, it's mental.
I do think it's possible to overtrain if you have a lot of distractions. So,
and if you're looking at your watch running out of the room, right.
<affirmative> then yeah, you're gonna that frame of mind,
isn't gonna lend itself to excellency. And the thing is, is we,
we have to accomplish what we need to get accomplished and get better every day.
You can't kind of accomplish what you need accomplish.
You have to accomplish it. And when, when you're in that mindset,
then the clock is irrelevant, right? There's no place for,
for a clock in the wrestling room, right. And maybe a clock that times a match,
but, and maybe a clock, if you know, we're, we're at student athletes here,
but that's why we encourage our, you know, when, when you schedule your classes,
that you don't have a class that comes right up to,
you know, practice time or starts as a night class. And it starts at five 30,
you know, go to get the six 30 class or the seven o'clock. So.
You leave it all behind your heart, your passion's completely.
And it there's no problem. And when you walk in that wrestling room,
there's no distractions and it's never eternal.
The only thing that's eternal is death. You know, there's nothing.
Sometimes guys come in there and they wig out, oh,
it's an hour and 25 minutes. Oh.
Or an hour and 45 minutes. Oh.
Yeah. You have to be willing to go. As long as it takes. There's no clock.
There's.
No clock.